---
title : Kacper Topolnicki, CV
---




# Zawartość:

* [Personal details](#personal-details)
* [Education](#education)
* [Positions](#positions)
* [Skills](#skills)
* [Grants](#grants)
* [Publications (WOS, II 2020)](./00000000pl.html)
* [Talks](./000000000pl.html)
* [Other interests](#other-interests)



# Personal details

* *date of birth*: 19 August 1985 
* adres: prof. St. Łojasiewicza 11, 30-348 Kraków, Poland (room B-2-25)
* *telephone*: (+48) 12 664 4869
* *e-mail*: <kacper.topolnicki@uj.edu.pl> 



# Education

* Ph.D. - Physics (**2014**)
  * *institution*: Faculty of Physics, Astronomy and Applied Computer Science of the Jagiellonian University
  * *description*: My thesis titled: “The two-nucleon and three-nucleon systems in three dimensions” was
    successfully defended on the 23 of September 2014. Subsequently I was awarded a Ph.D.
    degree in physics on 25 September 2014 after the positive decision of the Faculty of
    Physics, Astronomy and Applied Computer Science council.
* Internship at the Institute of Nuclear Physics in Jülich (**2011-2012**)
  * *institution*: Institut für Kernphysik, Forschungszentrum Jülich, Germany
  * *description*: My half year stay at the interdisciplinary research center in Jülich gave me 
	  the possibility to
    have direct access to specialists in parallel computing on large computing clusters. This was a
    great opportunity and had a big impact on my research.
* International PhD Studies (**2010-2014**)
  * *institution*: Faculty of Physics, Astronomy and Applied Computer Science of the Jagiellonian University
  * *description*: On my second year of regular PhD studies I switched over to the [International PhD Studies in Applied Nuclear Physics and Innovative Technologies](http://www.ips.if.uj.edu.pl/). 
    The studies lasted for four years. My chosen topic “Few-nucleon fusion reactions” was
    being supervised of professor Jacek Golak.
* Ph.D. studies in Physics (**2009-2014**)
  * *institution*: Faculty of Physics, Astronomy and Applied Computer Science of the Jagiellonian University
  * *description*: PhD studies in Nuclear Physics under the supervision of professor Jacek Golak. My research
    was focused on the description of few (two, three) nucleon systems. The character of my
    work was theoretical and included the development of effective implementations of numerical
    calculations on large computing clusters (JUQUEEN at the Jülich Supercomputing Centre). A
    large portion of my efforts were focused on developing consistent methods for treating the
    complicated algebraic expressions that arise in the calculations. The development of these
    methods was made possible with the use of symbolic programming within the 
		[Mathematica](https://www.wolfram.com/mathematica/) system.
* M.Sc - Physics (**2009**)
  * *institution*: Faculty of Physics, Astronomy and Applied Computer Science of the Jagiellonian University
  * *description*: In 2009 I finished my five year studies in physics (majored in theoretical physics). My masters
    thesis titled: “Lattice models of chiral liquid crystal phases in Monte Carlo simulations” was
    written under the supervision of professor Lech Longa.
* Studies in Physics (**2004-2009**)
  * *description*: Faculty of Physics, Astronomy and Applied Computer Science of the Jagiel-
    lonian University
  * *institution*: In 2004 I started “Studies in Mathematics and Natural Sciences”. I chose to
    specialize in theoretical physics.


# Positions

* **2020-**: Adiunkt (polish name, english equivalent: assistant proffesor) 
  * *institution*: Institute of Physics, Jagiellonian University, Kraków, Poland
* **2017-2020**: 3 years, Asystent naukowy (polish name, english equivalent: research assistant)
  * *institution*: Institute of Physics, Jagiellonian University, Kraków, Poland
* **2015**: $\approx$ 0.5 year, Post-doc
	* *institution*: Texas A&M University Commerce



# Skills

* Languages
  * Polish (native)
  * English (CAE - 2003, CPE - 2006)
* Programming
	* Parallel computing using MPI, OPENMP
  * Wolfram Language, Fortran (different flavours), python (different flavours), c, bash
  * other programming languages with less proficiency (eg java)
* Software
  * LaTeX, gnuplot, Mathematica
  * other standard Linux tools


# Grants

* Principal investigator:
  * SONATA 11 (3 years, **2017-2020**)
    * *funding agency*: National Science Center, Poland
    * *grant number*: DEC-2016/21/D/ST2/01120
    * *title*: "Development of analytical and numerical 
      computation techniques related to few-nucleon systems"
  * PRELUDIUM 6 (2 years, **2014-2016**)
    * *funding agency*: National Science Center, Poland
    * *grant number*: DEC-2013/11/N/ST2/03733
    * *title*: "Development of techniques using a three dimensional representation 
      of nucleonic degrees of freedom in few-nucleon bound and scattering state
      calculations"
* Co-executor:
  * HARMONIA 8 (**2017**)
    * *funding agency*: National Science Center, Poland
    * *grant number*: DEC-2016/22/M/ST2/00173
    * *title*: "Utilizing consistent chiral nuclear potentials and electroweak currents in order to describe
      three nucleon reactions and properties of nuclei"
  * HARMONIA 5 (**2014-2016**)
    * *funding agency*: National Science Center, Poland
    * *grant number*: DEC-2013/10/M/ST2/00420
    * *title*: "Investigation of the properties of light nuclei
      and three body processes based on chiral nuclear potentials)"
  



# [Publications (WOS, II 2020)](./00000000pl.html)



# [Talks](./000000000pl.html)



# Other interests

* *music*: Tom Waits, Gelnn Gould
* *sport*: skiing, windsurfing, air-soft 

